A case in this video we're going to look at how we can rename a column using the Otar table command.
So you can see here.
I've already written out the fuel for how we can rename a column so we can type out a table followed
by the table name.
So the table which the column is in.
And then we type change and then we followed up with the old column name.
So the column name that it currently is in back ticks.
So these are back ticks.
No single quotes.
And then we follow that with the new column name so the column name that we want to change it to.
Which is also mbak ticks.
And then we end with the column data type.
So let's look at an example of changing columns name.
So here we have the table and we have the ID and name the species and the owner ID columns.
And now let's just run select stuff from Pass which is going to retrieve all the columns in the table.
And you can see we have all four columns again.
So as an example Let's rename the species column to a different name.
So to do that we can go in here and go to the next line and we can type out table followed by the table
name.
So you pass and then type change and then the back tick.
So on a Mac the back tick is next to the one above the tab key.
So we can do back tick old column name which is species followed by another tactic and then a space
and then a new column name.
So you can call it whatever you like but I'm just going to call it animal underscore type.
For example follow up with another tactic and then we got to follow up with the data type which is a
VAR and then 20 and we can end that with a semi-colon and then we can run this statement and then we
can run select stuff from pets again and you can see now the species column is named animal type.
So this is how we rename columns in my school.
And then we can change it back to species if we won by simply typing out a table pass change.
And spoke directly and then back to Jack O column name which is now animal underskirt type space.
But tick species tick followed by the data type which is 4 or 20.
And then if we run this
and select stuff from pets again you can see the column has been renamed species.
So this is how we rename columns in my school.